Add failOnSkippedAfterRetry option (#313)
gradle/test-retry-gradle-plugin: README.adoc

     */
    Property<Boolean> getFailOnPassedAfterRetry();

    /**

>      * Whether tests that initially fail and then skip on retry should fail the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Whether tests that initially fail and then are skipped on retry should fail the task.
```

Also in the other places.
